README.md, before:

# kakoune-mirror

[kakoune](http://kakoune.org) plugin to grow / shrink selections in both directions or surround them.

## Install

Add `mirror.kak` to your autoload dir: `~/.config/kak/autoload/`.

Or via [plug.kak](https://github.com/andreyorst/plug.kak):

```
plug 'lelgenio/kakoune-mirror-colemak' %{
  # Suggested mapping
  map global normal "'" ': enter-user-mode -lock mirror<ret>'
}
```

## Usage

This plugin provides a `mirror` user-mode.

For example with the above mapping, press `'` to enter the mirror mode (`<esc>` to leave).

### Grow / shrink

If you type `o` it grows the selections one char to their right, but also one char to their left.
To shrink it one char, use `h`.
When the cursor is before the anchor, it does the opposite.

**Example**: the current selection is the middle `o`. Typing `'oonn` would produce these visual steps:
```
he[l]lo
h[ell]o
[hello]
h[ell]o
he[l]lo
```

You can also use `w` to grow one word to the right and it automatically do a `b` on the left.

It works vertically with `j` and `k`. Or `J` and `K` for full lines.
Hitting `c` will expand by columns above and below.

Finally you can also do it for paragraphs or sentences with `p` and `s`.

### Surround

Pairwise characters like braces, brackets or quotes can be added, replaced or removed.

**Example**: starting from the world `hello` selected.

First, let's surround it with double quotes and parentheses `'"(`

```
[hello]
["hello"]
[("hello")]
```

Oops, you meant to surround the double quotes with spaced-braces! Press `d` to remove the parens, then `}`

```
["hello"]
[{ "hello" }]
```

## See Also

- [kakoune-expand](https://github.com/occivink/kakoune-expand)
- [kakoune-text-objects](https://github.com/Delapouite/kakoune-text-objects)
- [kakoune-surround](https://github.com/h-youhei/kakoune-surround)
- [move-line.kak](https://github.com/alexherbo2/move-line.kak)
- [auto-pairs.kak](https://github.com/alexherbo2/auto-pairs.kak)
- [surround.kak](https://github.com/alexherbo2/surround.kak)

## Licence

MIT

Commit message:

readme: remove section for features that I removed

README.md, after:

# kakoune-mirror

[kakoune](http://kakoune.org) plugin to add/remove/change surroundings of selections.

## Install

Add `mirror.kak` to your autoload dir: `~/.config/kak/autoload/`.

Or via [plug.kak](https://github.com/andreyorst/plug.kak):

```
plug 'lelgenio/kakoune-mirror-colemak' %{
  # Suggested mapping
  map global normal "'" ': enter-user-mode -lock mirror<ret>'
}
```

## Usage

This plugin provides a `mirror` user-mode.

For example with the above mapping, press `'` to enter the mirror mode.

### Surround

Pairwise characters like braces, brackets or quotes can be added, replaced or removed.

**Example**: starting from the world `hello` selected.

First, let's surround it with double quotes and parentheses `'"(`

```
[hello]
["hello"]
[("hello")]
```

Oops, you meant to surround the double quotes with spaced-braces! Press `d` to remove the parens, then `}`

```
["hello"]
[{ "hello" }]
```

## See Also

- [kakoune-expand](https://github.com/occivink/kakoune-expand)
- [kakoune-text-objects](https://github.com/Delapouite/kakoune-text-objects)
- [kakoune-surround](https://github.com/h-youhei/kakoune-surround)
- [move-line.kak](https://github.com/alexherbo2/move-line.kak)
- [auto-pairs.kak](https://github.com/alexherbo2/auto-pairs.kak)
- [surround.kak](https://github.com/alexherbo2/surround.kak)

## Licence

MIT
